surprise fidget what are you doing here
what's that girl doing in your dorm room
I asked you first
I should go
Sara Bridget man listen want to come in
I think we should talk
are you bad we should talk yes we should
I did not lead you on okay okay okay but
if and this is a gargantuan death if you
did not lead me on then answer me this
what am i doing in your dorm room in the
middle of the night that's a good
question yeah thank you
come on Bridget tell him he's a jerk and
let's go home
Carey leave and if you didn't leave me
out what about this email if things were
different maybe you and I would hooked
up okay that one was bad I do like you
but your parents you know they made it
very clear that nothing was gonna happen
between us and that's when I met Sara
hey better oh sorry I mean Sara
introduced me to Annie
bitches don't so humiliating it cannot
believe I thought she liked me Bridget I
could have been interested I mean I
thought you were cute just cute actually
amazing just amazing by the time another
place who knows but for now I think we
should just be friends
oh my god that's my line who's ever said
that to me before
I wonder why they all make that face if
you want to lose it
here's where I can see you dad give you
a full refund on the drum lessons humor
you think this is funny is that what you
are a funny boy no sir
Bridget you are in so much trouble look
at me look at me it's over oh this is so
not over Bridget Tom calm down I'm sorry
sweetie guess I'm in a bit of a bad mood
today see this morning I cut myself
shaving years off my life is out of this
family
are you okay No uh Ben I think we could
use some privacy here no no I mean we
were just about to say goodbye anyway
vibration hi Ben goodbye Ben
how about a little privacy that okay we
use that problem privacy zonal right
right